docs, conditional-field-container: update patterns and initial release of component (#1984)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: docs/content/patterns/conditional-reveal/index.mdx

				{isChecked('phone') && (
					<TextInput inputMode="numeric" label="Phone number" required />
				)}
				{isChecked('textMessage') && (
					<TextInput inputMode="numeric" label="Mobile phone number" required />
				)}
			</ConditionalReveal>
		</FormStack>
	);
};
```

## Select

When a user selects a particular option from a [Select](/components/select) dropdown, additional questions or helpful information relevant to their selection can be revealed. This ensures that the user only sees content that is pertinent to their choice.

If there a small number of items, use [Radio](/components/radio) instead.

```jsx live
() => {
	const [value, setValue] = React.useState(null);
	const handlerForKey = React.useCallback((e) => setValue(e.target.value), []);
	const isChecked = (key) => value === key;

	return (
		<FormStack>
			<Select
				placeholder="Please select"
				label="How would you like to be contacted?"
				onChange={handlerForKey}
				options={[
					{ value: 'post', label: 'Post' },
					{ value: 'textMessage', label: 'Text message' },
					{ value: 'email', label: 'E mail' },
				]}
				required
				value={value}
			/>

			<ConditionalReveal visible={isChecked('post')}>

> 				<H2>Address</H2>

Reviewer: This should probably be an h3, either stylistically or just semantically

Author: Updated in [9694d0](https://github.com/agriculturegovau/agds-next/pull/1984/commits/9694d02d980b5f4433a32c7d871467a67245c2e4)

	return (
		<FormStack>
			<ControlGroup label="Preferred contact method" required block>
				<Radio checked={isChecked('email')} onChange={handlerForKey('email')}>
					Email
				</Radio>
				<Radio checked={isChecked('phone')} onChange={handlerForKey('phone')}>
					Phone
				</Radio>
				<Radio
					checked={isChecked('textMessage')}
					onChange={handlerForKey('textMessage')}
				>
					Text message
				</Radio>
			</ControlGroup>

			<ConditionalFieldContainer visible={isChecked('email')}>
				<TextInput
					type="email"
					label="Email address"
					required
					invalid
					message="Enter a email address"
				/>
			</ConditionalFieldContainer>
			<ConditionalFieldContainer visible={isChecked('phone')}>
				<TextInput
					label="Phone number"
					inputMode="numeric"
					required
					invalid
					message="Enter a phone number"
				/>
			</ConditionalFieldContainer>
			<ConditionalFieldContainer visible={isChecked('textMessage')}>
				<TextInput
					label="Mobile phone number"
					inputMode="numeric"
					required
					invalid
					message="Enter a mobile phone number"
				/>
			</ConditionalFieldContainer>
		</FormStack>
	);
};
```

## Research

### March 2025

> Before November 2024, additional form elements were conditionally revealed directly after the Radio or Checkbox, inside the control group. The pattern worked well for sighted users who see the relationship and context between the control and conditionally revealed form elements.
> 
> However, we observed screen reader users becoming disoriented when they encountered additional form elements between items of the control group. In response, we adjusted the design by positioning the additional questions after the control group.
> 
> This updated pattern has been tested in two rounds of useability studies. We have observed no issues since the change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before November 2024, conditional form elements were revealed immediately after their parent radio or checkbox, and inside their control group.

This pattern worked well for sighted users who could see the relationship and context between the control and conditionally revealed form elements. However, we observed screen reader users becoming disoriented when they encountered additional form elements between items in the control group. In response, we adjusted our guidance to position the additional questions immediately after the control group.

This updated pattern has been tested in two rounds of usability studies. We have observed no issues since the change.
```

Author: Applied changes in [282b51](https://github.com/agriculturegovau/agds-next/pull/1984/commits/282b51545ab3fb0fc9d19ab2a4679c8a90a79936),

It might have been referring to when the decision was changed but it does read weird (especially since we haven't deployed the new patterns page yet). Updated date to March 2025[d7aef9](https://github.com/agriculturegovau/agds-next/pull/1984/commits/d7aef903650c1451401c5acf812ca2fff309cdd5)
